Add demo overview doc (#129)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/demo-app/demo-overview.md

Azure confidential computing lets you process data from multiple sources without exposing the input data to other parties. This type of secure computation enables scenarios such as anti-money laundering, fraud-detection, and secure analysis of healthcare data.

In secure multi-party computing, encrypted data goes into the enclave. The enclave decrypts the data using a key, performs analysis, gets a result, and sends back an encrypted result that a party can decrypt with the designated key.

[Secure multi-party systems](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/use-cases-scenarios) can be developed using CCF framework which could be written in [TypeScript, JavaScript, C++, and more will be supported in the future]

![Applications](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/media/use-cases-scenarios/use-cases.png)

## Data Reconciliation Application

> **Use Case:** Allow multi parties (organisations - Banks - companies) to process their confidential data **without exposing the input data to other parties**. This type of secure computation enables scenarios such as anti-money laundering, fraud-detection, and secure analysis of healthcare data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Use Case:** Allow multiple parties (organisations - Banks - companies) to process their confidential data **without exposing the input data to other parties**. This type of secure computation enables scenarios such as anti-money laundering, fraud-detection, and secure analysis of healthcare data. 
```

**Proposed Solution:** A **data reconciliation service** will be hosted on a CCF network where members can submit their data to be reconciled against "each other's data" in a confidential manner, to performs analysis and generate some data-insights. 

In secure multi-party computing, encrypted data goes into the enclave. The enclave decrypts the data using a key, performs analysis, gets a result, and sends back an encrypted result that a party can decrypt with the designated key.

**Data Schema:** Data schema will be agreed by members 
- Unique key: uniquely identifying each record.
- Value: to be reconciled with other members' data. 

![Input Data](../docs/images/data.png)

![Output Report](../docs/images/report.png)

## Functional  Requirements

> - Members can submit their data as single or batch records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Members can submit their data as a single record or a batch
```
